Update mutual auth CFP with as-built information (#10)
cilium/design-cfps: cilium/CFP-22215-mutual-auth-for-service-mesh.md

cert-manager has a SPIFFE-capable CSI plugin that makes SVIDs, including the X.509 TLS keypair, available as a dynamically-mounted Secret inside Kubernetes Pods. Because we don’t want the Pods to need to mount things for mTLS, this is not viable, unfortunately.

> It is very possible for cert-manager support to be built at a later date, interacting with the Cilium agent as the SPIRE server does, but it requires more time spent designing the chain of trust, attestation process, and how the trust root management works; in SPIRE and SPIFFE, this is all handled already.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
It is possible for cert-manager support to be built at a later date, interacting with the Cilium agent as the SPIRE server does, but it requires more time spent designing the chain of trust, attestation process, and how the trust root management works; in SPIRE and SPIFFE, this is all handled already.
```

#### SPIFFE, SPIRE, and the cilium-agent 

> So, in the usual flow for SPIRE, the workload requests its own information from the SPIRE server. But for Cilium Service Mesh, we want this mTLS interaction to be both seamless and transparent for the user. On top of that, we’re not initially going to be using the TLS keypairs for actual encryption, just for mutual authentication. So, we need a way for a Cilium Security Identity to correspond one-to-one with a SPIFFE identity, for that identity to be registered with a SPIRE server, and then for the cilium-agent to be able to retrieve the identity’s keypair so that it can do a handshake to perform the actual authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the usual flow for SPIRE, the workload requests its own information from the SPIRE server. But for Cilium Service Mesh, we want this mTLS interaction to be both seamless and transparent for the user. On top of that, we’re not initially going to be using the TLS keypairs for actual encryption, just for mutual authentication. So, we need a way for a Cilium Security Identity to correspond one-to-one with a SPIFFE identity, for that identity to be registered with a SPIRE server, and then for the cilium-agent to be able to retrieve the identity’s keypair so that it can do a handshake to perform the actual authentication.
```

    * Per-node SPIRE Agent must be installed in the cluster and configured correctly. The SPIRE agent talks to the SPIRE server over the network, but all other communication with the Cilium Agent is via domain sockets shared on the host's filesystem.
    * Cilium Agent SPIFFE Identity must be created as per SPIRE Agent config.
    * Cilium Operator SPIFFE Identity must be created as per SPIRE Server config.

>     * Cilium Operator SPIFFE Identity is granted privileges to manage SPIRE Server entries across the network, so that it can create and delete SPIRE entries for a SPIFFE ID that will cause SVIDs (and the keypairs) to be distributed via the SPIRE system.

Reviewer: The wording here was a bit confusing. Is this communicating the same information?

```suggestion
    * Cilium Operator SPIFFE Identity is granted privileges to manage SPIRE Server entries across the network. This enables the corresponding SVIDs (and keypairs) to be distributed via the SPIRE system.
```

Author: That's much clearer, thanks.

* Update datapath to inform it that this peer is authenticated (see Data Plane for details)
* The destination node is responsible for checking that a Pod matching the destination Identity is running on itself, and only allowing the authentication to succeed if it is.

##### Node deletion

* When a node is deleted, entries in other node's auth tables associated with it are deleted also.

##### Identity deletion

* When a CiliumIdentity entries in each node's auth tables associated with it are deleted.

##### Garbage collection

The mutual auth system also runs a periodic garbage collection that checks that:
* At least one Policy requesting auth for the entry exists. If not, the entry will be removed.

Other periodic garbage collection may be added over time.

##### Endpoint deletion

In the initial implementation, auth does not consider endpoint deletion events.

Work to add this is being tracked at https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/27697.

> The plan here is to handle local deletion events by checking if that pod was the last pod in an identity on the local node, and triggering the remove identity flow if that's the case. (care needed to ensure that we don't trigger on ReplicaSet cycling, of course).

Reviewer: Why aren't remote endpoints considered?

* Update datapath to inform it that this peer is authenticated (see Data Plane for details)
* The destination node is responsible for checking that a Pod matching the destination Identity is running on itself, and only allowing the authentication to succeed if it is.

##### Endpoint deletion
##### Node deletion

* When a node is deleted, entries in other node's auth tables associated with it are deleted also.

* Node with endpoint must clear out Auth table to remove any state that implies authentication occurred for connections with this endpoint

> * Do all other nodes need to clear out their corresponding state also?

Reviewer: When an endpoint is deleted on one node, do _other_ nodes need to clear out some corresponding auth state? This point appears to be removed without corresponding text being added.

Author: Moved this around and added that the GC removes entries associated with endpoints.
